README.md, before:

# Naimuri Coding Challenge
My submission for the Naimuri coding challenge

The main goal of the challenge was to connect to the GitHub API to retrieve repositories based on filters that the user has selected, these being:-
- Main language used in the repositories
- Username
- Name of repositry

Once the repositories have been retrieved, the application then outputs the key details of the repositories, these being:-
- Repository name
- Repository author
- Number of forks
- Number of stars
- Number of issues
- README of the repository

Possible improvements:

With this challenge, I took a purely functional approach in my solution, but in hindsight, I think a much better solution would have been obtained if I took an object-oriented approach as I believe the code would be more manageable and scalable in comparison. Using a object-oriented approach would have allowed me to better seperate functions/classes in seperate files, as another issue with my code is the fact that all of my functions are all located in the script.ts file, resulting in a file that is large and is more difficult to read.

[Click here to view!](https://jpjoe99.github.io/Naimuri-Coding-Challenge/)

Commit message:

Added final details to README

README.md, after:

# Naimuri Coding Challenge
My submission for the Naimuri coding challenge

The main goal of the challenge was to connect to the GitHub API to retrieve repositories based on filters that the user has selected, these being:-
- Main language used in the repositories
- Username
- Name of repository

Once the repositories have been retrieved, the application then outputs the key details of the repositories, these being:-
- Repository name
- Repository author
- Number of forks
- Number of stars
- Number of issues
- README of the repository

Possible improvements:

With this challenge, I took a purely functional approach in my solution, but in hindsight, I think a much better solution would have been obtained if I took an object-oriented approach as I believe the code would be more manageable and scalable in comparison. Using a object-oriented approach would have allowed me to better seperate functions/classes in seperate files, as another issue with my code is the fact that all of my functions are all located in the script.ts file, resulting in a file that is large and is more difficult to read.

In terms of filters, more filters could be potentially added to the application, such as:-

- Number of forks
- Number of stars
- Number of issues

Another feature could be to also sort the repositories received by increasing/decreasing number in the parameters mentioned above.

In terms of the UI, this could be improved massively as I currently don't find it very visually apealling. The formatting of the README content could also be improved as the size of the README can negatively affect the UI, and repositories without README files cause the application to return a JSON response given by the GitHub API, stating that the file cannot be found.

[Click here to view!](https://jpjoe99.github.io/Naimuri-Coding-Challenge/)
